Effort: 15 mins

Objective:
In this reading, you will learn the necessary background knowledge in order for you to be able to complete the final project of this course.

Importing the Notebook in Watson Studio

Solve Classification Problem

How to do the final project?
A- Create an account in Watson Studio if you don't have one already (If you already have an account, jump to step B).

Browse into IBM Watson Studio

Click on Start your free trial

Enter your email, and click Next

Enter your Name, and choose a Password. Then click on Create Account

Go to your email, and confirm your account.

Click on Proceed

In Select Organization and Space form, leave everything as default, and click on _Continue+

It is done. Click on Get started!

Notice 1: In case that you cannot sign-up for the IBM Cloud, when signing up for the IBM Cloud account specify your country/region as United States or Canada. This is a temporary workaround to access the free version of the service.

Notice 2: If you already have an IBM Cloud account (perhaps you created it for another course) which you created by specifying your country as United States or Canada, and you reached to the usage limit, you have 2 options: 1) Create a new IBM Cloud account with a different email address and country as US or Canada. 2) Use the promo code that gives you 6 months of trial. The details about how to get the promo code is provided in the next section.

B- Sign in into Watson Studio and import your notebook

Sign in into IBM Watson Studio

Click on New Project

On the Create a project page, select Create an empty project.

Give a name to your project, and a description for your reference, then setup your project as following and click Create.

Notice 1: Since you are going to share this project with your peer for evaluation, please make sure you have unchecked Restrict who can be a collaborator

Notice 2: You have to create an IBM Object Storage, if you don't have any IBM Object Storage (you can use the free Lite plan)

From the top-right, Click on Add to project, and then select Notebook'

In the New notebook form, click on From URL, and enter this Notebook URL: https://cf-courses-data.s3.us.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud/IBMDeveloperSkillsNetwork-ML0101EN-SkillsNetwork/labs/FinalModule_Coursera/ML0101EN-Proj-Loan-py-v1.ipynb

Give the notebook a proper name and description and click on Create Notebook to initialize the notebook

C. Complete the notebook

Start running the notebook

Complete the notebook based on the description in the notebook.

D. Share the notebook

Click on the share icon on the top-right side of your page

Activate the Share with anyone who has the link

Select All content excluding sensitive code cells

Copy the link from Permalink to view notebook

Paste the link into the peer-evaluation form.

Notice: The next reading, Hands-on Lab: Setup Watson Studio, will provide more details on how to set up your project.

Notice: You can watch the next video for more info about Watson Studio, how to create a project and share it.